Fermichem 2.5 - Organ(kinda) related medicines adjustments! (#57806)
tgstation/tgstation: strings/chemistrytips.txt

A reaction can be slowed down by cooling the beaker it's in!
Chemical analysers scan more than just pH. They can tell you the purity of each reagent.
The infomation depth of pH meter readouts can be reduced by using it in hand!

> Chem Masters can tell you the optimal pH of a reagent for it's reaction under the analyse function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ChemMaster 3000s can tell you the optimal pH of a reagent's reaction with their analyze function.
```

> Oculine slightly improves your eyesight when it's in your system, based on the purity of it, of course!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Oculine slightly improves your eyesight while it's in your system, to a degree based on its purity.
```

> Merge my PRs!

Reviewer: 👀

Author: Too meta?

Nutriment can be created in the lab by failing food related reactions.

> Purity isn't that scary I promise!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Purity isn't that scary, I promise!
```

> Inverse Neurine will not delete an imaginary friend, once a friend, always a friend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inverse Neurine will not delete an imaginary friend. Once a friend, always a friend!
```

> Overdosing on Mannitol will give you pro tips from your newfound enlightenment. Though, perhaps you know that already!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overdosing on Mannitol will give you pro tips from your newfound enlightenment. Perhaps you know that already, though!
```

Eigenstasium's wild ride can be halted by taking more eigenstasium, bluespace dust, or stabilising agent.
The longer synthtissue has been growing, the more stuff it can do!

> Upgrading the MRS to tier 3 parts will give you the actual health values of the organ. At least it's something.

Reviewer: you might want to expand this abbreviation.

also, "the organ" sounds a bit awkward.

Author: I changed it!

> 100% pure inacusiate will let you hear whispers while it's in your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
100% pure inacusiate will let you hear whispers from a distance while it's in your system.
```

> Reacting sugar into caramel before attemping Eigenstasium makes it much easier to create.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turning sugar into caramel before attempting to make Eigenstasium makes it much easier to create.
```

> Oculine will help you see in the dark slightly.

Reviewer: you mentioned this earlier

Author: Maybe I really want people to know about oculine.

Okay maybe not oops.

> Thermometers crafted in the chemistry section will let you detect a person's chemical temperature too! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thermometers (which can be crafted in the chemistry section of the crafting menu) also work on people!
```

> Thermometers crafted in the chemistry section will let you detect the temperature of anything that has a reagent temperature!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thermometers (which can be crafted in the chemistry section of the crafting menu) will let you detect the temperature of anything that has a reagent temperature!
```
you might wanna merge this with the line above it.
